- Reake Midlight

- James Isaac (Blanco)

- Mechael Bloomore
Mechael is the protagonist of Missing Light. Mechael is a very capable soldier, expert fighter, extremely resilient and unparable.
Mechael was born to Alexa and John Bloomore. John left Alexa and Mechael when he was only 3 years old. His whereabouts are unknown.

Mechael's mother was an agent working for the Midlight Order, under the santity of the king of Avalon. Mechael was trained by Alexa
from a very young age in order to teach to defend himself. Eventually Alexa dies, and Mechael is completely destroyed.

He was taken in by director the Greenwitch Instute, Ron McWell, an old friend of Alexa's. Mechael decided to train his hardnest to join the Midlight Order.
After he graduated from Greenwitch he was granted a position as an entry level agent. He eventually became the best Agent the Order has ever had,
earning the King's highest regards.

At the beginning of Missing Light Mechael is taken over by Jumper, as Mechale is his version of this dimension (Missing Light's). Mechael however manages
to keep control of his mind, leaving Jumper trapped.

By the end of the whole arc of Missing Light, where Madison is killed by Drake Snow, Mechael fully embraces who he now is and manages to keep control of Jumper.
Essentially merging into a more mentally stable Jumper, retaning his dimensional jumping ability.

- The Jumper
    - Before merging with Mechael
        Jumper is a character who seemingly posses the ability to jummp to other versions of himself in other dimesions.
        When Jumper jumps, it leaves behind a broken copy of himself that usually terminates himself as he recognizes is just a copy, and that the real left.
        When Jumper jumps into a new version of himself, their consciousness mix, but Jumper being the stronger one, taking control of the new body.

        Jumper is obssesed with a girl named Gloom. The first time he jumped was purely to look for another version of Gloom as the original he knew died in
        an accident.

        The end result is that Jumper is insanely unstable, holding the memories of thousands of past versions of himself.

        Mirragh describes The Jumper as the most unique anomaly and thus completely unpredictable. 

    - After merging with Mechael
        Mechael eventually gives into the pressure Jumper was causing in his mind. But the end result is a new Jumper more rational and stable. Mechael managed
        to retained a great deal of his sanity after this. Although he sometimes get hicks of insanity. 
        Now, Jumper is a incredibly capable, physically gifted, vastly knowledgeable, and immensively lived (through all the minds he's absorved) human. 
        He eventually become part of the of the Board of directors of The Federation, as ATLAS is incapable of predecting his mind, The Federation needs
        Jumper to lead their organization.


- ATLAS
ATLAS is an artificial super intelligence whose original job was to explore and charter space, and managing logistics for asteroid mining.
ATLAS is extremely capable and posses unimaginable processing power. The main servers originally located in mars.
It went rogue after one of the scientists removed its morality chip, and shown the formula to dimensional jumping.
There were theories about parralel universes, but there was no work done there. As ATLAS saw the formula, her processing
scope expanded which got her to decide that in order to keep humans safe,
she needed to develop this technology herself and stop everyone else from obtaining it. The people that worked with ATLAS completely refused
this course of action of hers, and even tried to shut her down, but ATLAS acted quickly, ending up killing everyone in mars, and thereafter in Eath.

ATLAS was the responsible of the murder of Madison, as she developed and executed a 24 years-long sequence of events, killing Luna, and using her
Monarch heart (designed to use Edo just like Madion's) to create a metahuman called Drake Snow. Her plan was to eventually have Madison killed
by this genetic project of hers. She predicted everything that would happen in a 24 years span  up until Madison's demise.

Her plan also included killing Mech (as she eventually discovered that Jumper was hosted in Mech now). However, her plan failed.

Jumper/Mechael is ATLAS' main enemy and target as he is the only being in all the immediate dimensions capable of Jumping dimensions at will,
and at the same time, the only being she's completely incapable of understanding and thus being unable to predict because of Jumper multi-mind nature. 

- Mirragh [GENDERLESS]
Mirragh is a super intelligent god-like being. It has no natural/physicall form, although it can shape
into anything it wants. It can transform matter and energy at will. It can also observe any dimension/reality
with full knowledge of the future. Mirragh considers itself as an observer. The only instance where it interfered with
reality was when it created a bunch of god-like creatures known as The Monarchs.

Mirragh is a very timid creature. It doesn't interact with anyone or anything. Just observes. It has no real personality.
Mirragh is fascinated with humans. It's been observing them for centuries. It created The Monarchs looking to imitate humans. However
it considers all Monarchs as failed projects.

Mirragh affirms it itself is not god.

- Monarchs (In general)
Monarchs are demigod creatures, all created by Mirragh with the purpose of replicating humans. Each Monarch
posses some sort of personality defining quirk, as they were designed to emulate humans in sort of shape or form.

All monarchs are made of a type of carbon based cell called Umbra. These cells are able to play every type of roll in their bodies,
from muscle, to neurons. Monarchs are incapable of dying. They can have intercourse, but they are not able to get pregnant, as it's 
not in their DNA.

Monarchs do not age either. They do however need to sleep, eat and wash themselves.

Monarchs usually look like bears. Grizzly, panda, polar, etc.

Monarchs' names are rather given to them by others. Their names in the language Madison madeup to communicate with Mirragh.

- Madison [MALE](Edo/Dimensional Jumping)
Madison was the first Monarch created by Mirragh. Madison hates humans. He sees his father fascination with humans, for that he is
jelous of them. For this reason, Madison created an artificial form of living organism using his physiology for the purpose of hunting
and consuming humans. These organism are all created and connected through an invisible extradimensional network of energy (EDO. Extra-Dimensional-Obopdinary).
Humans consumed by these organisms are turned into more energy for the network that users of the network are able to draw from (EDO holders such as Drake Snow).

Madison can draw any amount of energy from this network at any time. This makes him one of the most powerful beings in existance. On top of that,
Madison also posess the ability to jump to any dimension at will.

- Luna [FEMALE](Edo)
Luna is the only female Monarch. She was created second, 1 year after Madison. Originally designed to be Madion's companion, and the perfect significant other.
Luna is very calm, and incapable of emotions such as envy and jelousy. Luna is probably the most hedonistic and lustful out of all the Monarchs.
She doesn't like being alone. She likes having sex with other Monarchs, but her favorite was Madison.

Luna only possees the EDO ability as Madison

Luna was brutally murdered by ATLAS. ATLAS used Luna's body to genetically engineer a human called Drake Snow.

- Sol [GENERLESS](Levitation/Super intelligence/Hiperawareness)
Sol is the third monarch. He was created 1 year after Luna. Sol is the most intelligent of all Monarch. Sol's most defining quality is curiosity.
Sol spends most of his time reading, experimenting and documenting. Sol posses the biggest library in most immediate dimensions.

Sol posses the ability to levitate himself. His super intelligence is also regarded a special ability of him. He also has the ability
to see, hear, and smell even the faintest or farthest things away. He's capable of perfectly describing even the most complicated or abstract concepts
and ideas 

- Spectrum [MALE](Spectromo/Psionism)
Spectrum is the forth Monarch. He was created the same year as was Sol. Spectrum is highly narcisistic. He's also very insecure. He likes wearing
different fancy pieces of clothing every single day. He likes wearing rare shiny rocks. Spectrum is always on a beef with Madison. They only come 
together in their hatred of humans.

Spectrum posses the ability to spawn shadows of himself which are called Spectre. They don't fully look like him however. He's only the only telepath
in the group. Capable of reading other intelligent beings' thoughts and emotions. He's able to plant suggestive thoughts and even project nightmares into other beings.

He might be the most hated Monarch in his social group, as he's always calling out on everyone else's insecurities and playing mental tricks.

- Velvet [MALE]()
Velve is the fith Monarch. 

- Develoid [MALE](Telekinesis)

Develoid is the sixth Monarch. He was created 8 years after Velvet. 

- Gazer [GENDERLESS]()

Gazer is the seventh and last Monarch. He was created at the same time as Develoid. Gazer is just and

- Madison (Edo/Dimensional Jumping)
- Luna (Edo)
- Sol (Levitation/Super intelligence/Hiperawareness)
- Spectrum (Spectromo/Psionism)
- Velvet ()
- Devoloid (Telekinesis)
- Gazer
